---
layout: post
title: Typing
categories: hello
published: true
---

  
Hey, I'am [Typing](https://github.com/williamcanin/typing-theme). I'm a theme [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) Inspired by the habit of typing. Using an appearance that resembles the typewriter. A simple, fast and efficient way of reading, just like the old days.

'Typing' is intended for users with more technical content than for users who wish to have a stylish page. Keep it simple!

**Let's get some details:**

This page exists to put everything about you, as if it were a simplified 'About'. The file for editing this page is in the directory: `_posts/_hello`.

You already have a template page for 'Blog', 'Projects', 'Search', 'Contact', 'Tags' and 'Resume', but you can leave as you want, modifying strings.

Page 'resume', you can print using the browser's Ctrl + P shortcut. The printout will use the Open Sans font and will delete useless parts such as sidebar. You'll also have templates for posts, and you'll have to follow model the header the post's.

The contact page uses the [Formspree](https://formspree.io/) feature, you will have to have an account in the service, and add your email in the `_data/dbase.yml` file, in `userdata > email`.

If you want to use an image in your blog post, you should use the `_plugins/imager.rb` plugin. The image will be responsive. See the post 'Welcome to Jekyll' where it contains an example of how to use this plugin. 

Hey Nerd! How is it? You're analyzing me, but are not you using me? Use me now! I'm not into embellishment. 


<div style="width: 200px;margin: 30px auto;text-align: center;" class="download">
    <a style="color: #fff;padding: 2%;width: 200px;font-size: 2rem;text-decoration: none;" href="https://github.com/williamcanin/typing-theme" target="_blank" class="btn btn-success">Download</a>
</div>